Open source project MSHTML Editor OSPv3r00 16-01-2004

  This editor is build from a DHTML edit OSP from 16-05-1999 found at:
  delphi-dhtmledit@yahoogroups.com
  http://groups.yahoo.com/group/delphi-dhtmledit/files/DHTMLEdit/DHTML.zip
  (look in the file section)



How to install the editorcomponent (EmbeddedED) into Delphi:
  - Just install EmbeddedED.pas into a package of your own choice.


About the demo:


  This update editor is created by Kurt Senfer
  "Copyright (C) 2002-2004  Kurt Senfer <Support@ks.helpware.net>"


  I have often, in various mails on the delphi-dhtmledit list, pointed out that
  The DHTMLEdit component is just a wrapper around the MSHTML engine - the
  Wrapper contains coding that enables additional features like:
     Table operations (insert row, insert column, merge cells, and so on).
     Absolute drop mode.
     Source code white space and formatting preservation.
     Custom Editing Glyphs.
     ........


  Replacing DHTMLEdit with the MSHTML engine (or as in this case with the
  EmbeddedED component) means that you need to code a lot of features, like
  tablehandling and so on, witch is build in fearture in DHTMLEdit, yourself.

  I chosed to create a VCL wrapper around MSHTML and named it:
  TEmbeddedED~ Embedded EDitor
  TEmbeddedED implements most of the code you need to replace the DHTML Component
  (if you only need a basic editor) and it offers a lot of features never
  found in DHTML Edit. The main reason for encapsulating all that code in a
  component is that its easy to update existing editor projects with
  new features (in new versions of TEmbeddedED).


  This is a short listing of the main things you have to do in order to skip
  DHTMLEdit in favour of the HMHTML engine in your own DHTMLEdit project.

  - Replace TDHTMLEdit with MSHTML
  - Call the existing DHTMLEditDisplayChanged from a new "OnUpdateUI function"
  - Implement Custom Editing Glyphs
  - Implement IHTMLEditDesigner
  - Implement IHTMLEditHost
  - Implemet code to handle the table stuff
  - Implemet code to handle the position stuff


I've build the demo with D5 and D6 and belive it should also compile on D7.
 

Kurt Senfer




